hi guys welcome to another episode of
rapid fire meals with Derek it's really
hot here in the Cayman Islands some day
after sometimes after a long hard day of
school I could come home and make myself
a nice cool fresh and smoothie now this
is a smoothie I've tried before the
locally new restaurants and I came
across a recipe in the south beach diet
book and I knew I had to try this one
and I did and it was awesome really cool
really refreshing and so tonight we have
a special guest Java is going to be
helping me out with the recipe all right
Java is going to go with the recipe with
me because I don't have it but she does
have the south beach diet book so what's
step one job you the first thing you
need is one medium egg peeled and
roughly chopped all right my mango was
kind of small so I decided to go with
two mangoes all rights to all right and
i'm adding those into the blender right
now okay so the next thing you need is
one and a half cups of low-fat or nonfat
plain yogurt
okay okay the next thing you need is a
half a cup of chilled water
alright what's next okay then you need
one tablespoon of granules of your
substitute which for example with these
blender and if you don't have the UM the
kind that comes in a big bag and just
use about two packages of it to agree
now I've to be out of that what do we do
what's next and then he says it's
optional to add in some ground cardamom
okay I don't want to do that so you get
back and just add a nice hands alright
so I'm just added in the ice cubes I'll
put the lid on we're going to blend it
off I guess I've blended it up there's
our drink looks beautiful annoying for a
dollop of whipped cream on top now I'm
gonna say hmm Wow perfect in the cool
you off on a hot day Johnny how many
calories are this thing at so that wraps
the falls for four servings and
three-fourths of a cup makes one serving
and it's only 80 calories so it's a much
better option than going out and getting
gelato or ice cream we don't stuff like
that and it's on the south beach diet so
if that's something you're looking to do
this would be one of the desserts you
can make or smoothies or whatever thank
you very much and thank you for watching
everybody hope you enjoyed our video
it's derek punjabi for rapid fire